what's up guys this is going to be the
first video i post that's actually
outside of my gaming room and i'm going
to show you my new toy as you can see in
me and the reflection of the TV and my
daughter this is my new toy the
panasonic 50 inch HDTV smart TV / 3d TV
and i'm going to show you how simple
this is to you so we are going to turn
it on all right well we got my
daughter's so on right now but if you're
like me and you like to do things while
your kids are occupied with TV shows but
you don't want to interrupt them we're
going to go to the internet now as you
can see I have access to netflix youtube
facebook twitter and skype one of the
cool things that i had already showed on
my facebook was the simplicity of
opening facebook and not interrupting my
daughter so now that's in real time and
as you can see that's my post and if i
want to update my status i click there
and I can go to comment I can quickly
comment whatever I'm doing at the same
time her show is still playing when i'm
done we can hit return you can have
returned again and i'll go back on to
hear now her show will continue to play
on the facebook app but say there's a
show or a clip on youtube and especially
something my daughter likes is music
will pull up youtube
so show you how simple this is we're
gonna search for something that my
daughter really likes to listen to and
that I enjoy as well and as you can see
as I'm already typing in the letters
it's pulling up video suggestions on the
left hand side or right hand side
hey we have it and show you how quick
this loads this is Lindsay Sterling's
dubstep violin
now a lot of you might say oh well I've
got my xbox / computer hooked up well as
do I there's the computer and there's
the Xbox the simplicity of this allows
me to do this quicker than say hitting
return on here going back and changing
the input to my game
and then having to load my xbox and do
the same thing go into facebook and
youtube via the xbox it takes more time
having to load up the apps on here and
signing in and whatnot and searching for
it that way either way it all works
together and it works really well the
picture is amazing the quality is
amazing the simplicity is amazing and
the things you can do on here just quite
amazing I don't know how else to put it
so if you want to make an investment
this holiday season for a family or a
loved one or even just for yourself I
highly recommend getting this TV or
something you know similar to it you
can't go wrong once you get this TV it
switches back and forth at ease the
refresh rate is amazing and I hope this
helps you better understand how this
works thanks for watching